He is the Lord God on whom you rely
Xiao Chenghai Xiao Ji Mountain Forest Qianjiao
Sister Chen Shao
Zheng Hanmei Wang Fanger is waiting for the Lord of God not to enter
Deceive the king to go up
conspiracy
tantamount to rebellion
What crime
Get up
Su Yuying, you are the god of fire in Kunlun Palace
How dare you bully you to go up
abuse of power
use influence for personal gain
Somebody tie him up for me
Sent by God
I gave birth to Lord Wang
How could he be a god?
How could he be God?
He's just a soft egg eater
Let me ask you
You are really the Lord God of Heaven Gate
presumptuous
You little neighbor daughter dare to question the Lord God
Do you want to die?
Chen Xu
Lin Qianjiao, you are right
I am indeed not from the same world as you.
Because I am the Lord God of Tianmen
Side by side Wang Tianqi
That's not possible.
How can you be the Lord God of Tianmen?
How can you be the God of Tianmen?
So what you said before is true
What did I do?
I actually divorced you
He turned out to be incredibly powerful
Cheap All Beings Tianmen God Lord
Oh, my God.
What evil have I done?
I want to establish diplomatic relations and divorce him
How could this little beast be the Lord God of Tianmen?
How could the Lord God of Tianmen eat soft rice?
He must have lied to us.
It's all a scam
Wang Fang, you fell into the god by mistake at the beginning of the sun
When the Yi three ethnic groups become police alumni
Please close
You are blind
Who doesn't know that you laugh at Lingtian and everything is so embarrassed first
All this is when you came to lie to us
Maybe it's a real god
If he is really the Lord of God
They will hate us
Directly ordered to kill us
Did Agui invite us to the Tianmen Banquet?
Ahahaha